please welcome Ricky Gervais
[Applause]
I get out here
fantastic to have you here Mac we've
been talking about the new Baywatch
movie III I thought I would ask you who
I was - who are you on the beach oh I
don't know Oh God okay I don't do
beaches anymore
I don't I don't like soldiers I used to
when I was younger sit around trying to
get a tan but it's just so boring now
and I can't stand people so I don't want
to go to a beach what would you say your
perfect comfort zone where's that
sitting at home in my pants getting
drunk that's every night though this is
a nice change very doubt needs to be
addressed no idea of a night out is a
night in honestly if someone like they
say I'll we're in town for a couple of
days you're on dinner
I go okay all right and they say I got
eight six o'clock I want to be I want to
be owned by eight o'clock you're sure
that you're touring with now is called
humanity it is indeed and and I I wonder
are you an optimist on behalf of
humanity I think so I think I'm an
optimist
in general I think everything would be
okay you know you try your best and I
think it'd probably be okay in the long
run am I not just for Humanity I don't
know you know all joking aside I think
I've probably lived through the best 50
years of humanity 1965 to 2015 reach the
peak of civilization on everything on
freedoms on you know communication on
tolerance on medicine and now it's sort
of taken it downward turn this last year
hasn't been so good there's always been
and it's true you know my opinion is
worth as much as your opinion but people
started thinking that my opinion was
worth as much as your fact and that's
just not true and that came from people
finding their groups and on social media
they found their mobs they found comfort
with like-minded people and it was like
it was like two armies isn't this it
actually we're talking about Julian
Assange with which is one one part of I
mean freedom of expression let's call it
that if for some people would say he is
the beacon their social media is another
part of that what social media is
another form of communication another
outlet you know only amplifies things
you can't say oh this is terrible there
are idiots on Twitter but they're idiots
on the high street you've got to go
there you know probably at the same
percentage it's just that now people
feel that I have a voice right most
people people wouldn't say wouldn't say
things to you in the street they would
on Twitter look at you I know you used
to have you have in London I don't know
if you still have it but you have this
Hyde Park Corner where people stood on
boxes so yeah spoke yeah it's great but
everyone but now we all got those boxes
but they've always boxes exactly
unpeople that used to be almost like a
bit of a tourist attraction because they
were mad sorry
no one dibs on about in the high part
and says something that's true they
usually say the end is nigh or the
aliens are coming that's why I'm wearing
tin foil and this is like no one's going
around they know you know that there's
there's a forum for everything and most
people feel that they haven't got that
forum and now they have now everyone's
at everyone's a critic everyone's a
blogger everyone's a journalist you know
and and it all it does is just it just
amplifies it Twitter is like being able
to read every toilet wall in the world
[Applause]
okay do you have do you have an erotic
side yeah what what is that what is that
but what can make your neuropathy um
noises but you know it comes to cut a
long story short I know what it comes
down to now it comes down to me being a
complete control freak because in our
your God in our you can be a complete
fascist you know and but you can't do
that in normal life so I walk into a
restaurant and I think when that chairs
in the wrong place where they put the
air conditioning their own editorial I
think that I someone can be in soup I'll
go we're moving you know noises anything
so noisy eater what me go oh noisy as
people whistling for no reason if
anything can just ruin my daddy with a
mouth on oh yeah I know it's my phobia I
know it's mine you OC but it doesn't
make it any better
I just think I know I'm not allowed to
go will you stop fucking eating like
that so I have to leave
I know it's my problem right so I want
to be in control
were you happy before you begin what you
are today yeah I suppose I'm I've always
been happy I know I was born a very
working-class there we didn't have any
money I was the youngest of four my dad
was a labourer mum was a housewife but
everyone was in the same boat I didn't
sit around feeling sorry for myself I
didn't think this is all doing them I
never sat around thinking oh when am I
going to become an international
comedian you know I just thought I hope
I don't die on the way to school people
recognize you and you of course all over
the world are you aware of it all the
time not so much from the very beginning
you know when I first came to London he
was my first plane ride was to Los
Angeles first of all and then my then I
came to London and I didn't realize what
you know what the popularity of the show
was and he put it all together
eventually but you know and people are
pretty cool to me
I never really did not except for the
Falcon back home except my on fire so he
was making never you never have a baby
this is not a sole person you want to
deal with
he wasn't a sneaky stalker like normal
first couple of years he is like a man
following you naked he's mental did you
a favor that I think what do you mean
what he was chaste not JC just walking
by oh no I need no no no he came into
hotel and he let my room on fire and
then he talked about for him and I and
World War II was a little moisture and I
was on his show I came back to the hotel
was evacuated because he had broke into
the room to the adjoining door so it's
coming back how many oil discovered no
oil no what in it lemonade so this going
so fans filling up four days in jail for
days in jail so how old was he
oh this guy hunts like 40 boys also he
checked in so town knowing you're back
yes he found your thumb in the hallway
the other day before he said come to my
room in English so that's why the police
were like oh no he knew you who knew who
you were and then he broke into a room
when you were not there right that's
something that I faced yeah ok I lit it
on fire lit it on fire why would he do
that I don't know I don't know I don't
think you think indeed I know what he's
doing now I don't know I don't know
whether there's a stalker and
awesomeness but he has a bed if anything
that's a Denali crime can I do in ten
minutes
I like about it is he's not even a very
good stalker Mizzy west right she's out
you know that's a powerful stalker she's
coming back how did you know it was
naked someone found in that well I saw
pictures another police officers there
but they took him and they had to wrap
them in plastic to bring him out and he
was 64 refresh so this is the four year
old man who sees you in the hall and
says we checked in yeah but it was a
probably a longer story but yes he ended
up getting in time he said Oh surround
off a watch I mean how could i impress
her right
wait as he goes out for startup then I
start my plan all I need is matches so
old I think so then he went into your
room to rejoin the door so did he know
so we knew melted that are yet hey Birds
a door but he had that room next door
presumably yeah I know you got to the
next door right yeah
he set the room on fire Oh thorough on
the way why did he what do i do set the
room apart just cuz it matters I think
it was loud yeah like blazed up you talk
I think you like on camera
right he was covered in oil
yes listen people do horrendous things
to be famous
it's ludicrous it's absolutely ludicrous
so are you are you I do have the
self-awareness that when you're like in
the restaurants as I mentioned you you
need to be especially polite to get tip
well yeah you can honestly telling being
famous for me is like believing in God
I think everyone everyone a fight you
know someone's watching you see you know
me so yeah I'm always but I'm very aware
that people people someone came up to me
the other day in a restaurant I'm in the
restaurant this usually safe restaurants
people respect that right and someone
came up to me like that's right I'm
sitting there and they just came up with
their phone everyone's got a camera they
swing list they wins in art and alter
the secret one as well would you see
people at that they've just got their
phone like that I want to go up why you
doing just ask you can have a selfie you
can have a picture and you have to be
polite and just still have to be polite
because it's on filming it yeah lose it
because that's what you know that's what
they want particularly the paps they
want you to do so much yes you know you
don't give them what they want Ricky
Gervais thank you so much thank you
[Applause]
[Music]